The bundled package of the Maintenance Assistant CMMS client for JavaScript is
available under the Apache License, Version 2.0:

  Copyright 2013-2014 Maintenance Assistant Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights
  Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"). You may not use
this file except in compliance with the License. A copy of the License is
located at

  http://maintenanceassistant.com/api/apache2.0/

or in the "license" file accompanying this file. This file is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

This product bundles crypto-js, which is available under the MIT license:

  (c) 2009-2013 by Jeff Mott. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions, and the following disclaimer.

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions, and the following disclaimer in the documentation or other
materials provided with the distribution.

Neither the name CryptoJS nor the names of its contributors may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS," AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.